1317819045
ApplicationController	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
BaseController	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/admin/base_controller.rb	class Admin::BaseController 
ProjectsController	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	class ProjectsController 
TicketsController	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	class TicketsController 
UsersController	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	class Admin::UsersController 
authorize_admin!	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def authorize_admin!
create	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def edit
find_project	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def find_project
find_project	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def find_project
find_ticket	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def find_ticket
index	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def new 
show	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def show
update	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def update
