1317824598
ApplicationController	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BaseController	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/admin/base_controller.rb	class Admin::BaseController 
Project	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/models/project.rb	class Project 
ProjectsController	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	class ProjectsController 
ProjectsHelper	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/helpers/projects_helper.rb	module ProjectsHelper
Ticket	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/models/ticket.rb	class Ticket 
TicketsController	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	class TicketsController 
TicketsHelper	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/helpers/tickets_helper.rb	module TicketsHelper
User	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UsersController	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	class Admin::UsersController 
UsersHelper	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/helpers/admin/users_helper.rb	module Admin::UsersHelper
admins_only	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def admins_only(&block)
authorize_admin!	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def authorize_admin!
create	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def edit
find_project	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def find_project
find_project	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def find_project
find_ticket	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def find_ticket
find_user	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def find_user
index	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/admin/base_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def new 
set_admin	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def set_admin
show	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def show
title	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def title(*parts)
to_s	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/models/user.rb	  def to_s
update	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/rphillips/rails31_projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def update
